Next on PIJN News, Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
The Conference of Catholic Bishops has ordered no transgender surgeries in U.S. Catholic hospitals.
I interview Wes and Amanda Luellen on their documentary, UFOs in God.
And Leland Clossen is a Christian comedian with long fingers.
Former Navy Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt took a stand to defend religious freedom by daring to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news, discerning the spirits and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt, Dr. Chaps, and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we'd like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits, and we pray the scriptures in Jesus name.
Are you ready to pray the news with us?
Here's our first story.
The Catholic bishops in the United States have voted and enacted a law, church law, that will ban transgender surgery procedures at Catholic hospitals.
Catholic news agency confirms Catholic hospitals in the US are expressly forbidden from carrying out transgender related surgeries on individuals who believe themselves to be the opposite sex.
The US bishops announced this last week and the prelates gathered at the plenary of US Conference of Catholic Bishops in Baltimore.
They voted on November 12th to direct hospitals to preserve the integrity of the human body, whether treating individuals with gender dysphoria.
And such individuals often seek that surgery to make their body conform to that of the opposite gender.
But in updated guidance, the bishops say that Catholic healthcare providers can employ all appropriate resources to mitigate the mental suffering of these patients, but they can no longer do the physical surgeries.
They can instead use only those means that respect the fundamental order of the human body.
This new rule makes explicit Catholic Bishop policy
that they expressed in a doctoral note from 2023 when they said that Catholic providers must not partake in procedures that aim to transform the sexual characteristics of the human body into that of the opposite sex.
These are revised standards and now they are being applauded by the Catholic Health Association, which issued a statement affirming the church's teaching on the dignity of all persons and their right to life
from conception to natural death.
That group, Catholic Health Association, issued this statement, said, quote, the revisions clarify and affirm current clinical practices and are consistent with Catholic health care practice that does not allow for medical interventions, that alter sexual characteristics, absent and underlying condition, end quote.
The organization said that Catholic health care providers will continue to treat
everybody with dignity and identify even those who are transgender with respect.
But in their guidelines, they noted it can be morally permissible only to remove or suppress the function of one part of the body if it is endangering the rest of the body.
So to save someone's life, they can remove anybody part that is diseased.
Like if you had testicular cancer, that would be normal.
But
in forbidding medical practices that aim to transform sexual characteristics or mental characteristics uh... to make the body disagree with the body and agree with something in somebody's mind that's now forbidden in fact the pope issued a vatican twenty twenty four document called dignitas infinita which in part disallows quote all attempts to obscure reference
in a limitable sexual difference between man and woman."
The Catholic bishops' new guidance comes several months after the Trump administration signed an executive order.
President Trump moved to prohibit transgender procedures, especially on children at all U.S. hospitals.
That's the news or thanks to Catholic news agency.
The Bible says this in Deuteronomy 23.
This is
thousands of years old guidance that God foresaw.
He said, he that has wounded in the stones or hath his privy member cut off shall not enter the congregation of the Lord.
We're going to take a short break.
Giving you a megaphone in Washington DC, Dr. Chaps will be right back.
Dr. Gordon Klingenschmitt, a former Navy chaplain, court marshaled for praying in Jesus' name, has written an impactful book for such a time as this, How to Liberate the World, a step-by-step guide to taking our country back.
This book outlines 30 proven strategies for making changes in the world for good and not evil.
Dr. Klingschmidt's personal story and the success stories of 15 other patriots who created real change will inspire you and give you hope for a better future.
You too can be a world changer.
Order your copy of how to liberate the world today and we will include Dr. Klingschmidt's DVD set, How to Become an Effective Christian Activist.
Dr. Klingschmidt also wants to send you a commemorative prayer coin with the image of our president to remind you to keep him and our country in your prayers.
To take advantage of the special TV offer, call the number on your screen or go online to PrayInJesusName.org.
Exposing the fruitless deeds of darkness.
Here's Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
I'm at the content
Christian Media Conference near Fort Worth, Texas in Weatherford.
And I'm joined by my new friends, Wes and Amanda Luellen.
They are documentary filmmakers and they've made a new movie.
We're going to show you a clip, but I want you to see this image, right?
UFOs and God?
UFOs and God.
Luellen, is this like the X-Files?
Wes, do you believe in UFOs or do you believe in God?
Oh, I believe very much in God.
I think it's interesting we have, we interview a professor in the film and he says, people ask me, so you believe in UFOs?
He goes, no, I believe in God.
I study UFOs.
Yeah, I study UFOs.
UFOs have been the subject in my recollection in 1970s.
There was a TV show called Project Blue Book.
The Air Force used to investigate UFOs as part of their duties.
You don't want them bumping into our fighter pilots up there.
So they had, they had to find out, was there any outcome from that?
Any evidence of alien life?
Who you talk to?
It does.
And just to be clear, we believe they're real.
We don't necessarily believe they're from another planet.
Oh, okay.
So not alien, but real.
What is your take on this?
Well, I think one of the things that some people don't really get their brain around a lot, and that is just because something is spiritual doesn't make it not real.
In other words, if it has a spiritual origin, it's still real.
It's just it has a spiritual origin.
And if you listen to a lot of what's coming out in Congress, people speaking before Congress,
More and more, even since we started shooting the documentary, when we started shooting, we would ask some of the people we interviewed, well, what do you feel about it?
And they go, I can't comment.
But even since then, some of the same people have come out and said they're interdimensional.
So they're interdimensional?
Okay, wait, wait.
Who are the experts that you interviewed for the film, like physicists and people who study distant stars?
And what do they conclude?
Well, first of all, it is impossible for a body, a corporeal body of any kind, to travel that particular kind of distance in the time frame that it would take for them to travel that particular kind of distance.
With physics as we know it.
With physics as we know it, which is basically the way most of the astrophysicists would tell it to us.
Because there's too many light years between here and there for any...
Yes, it's incredible how big the universe is.
No being could survive the trip.
This is true.
It would take hundreds of years and I'm not going to live that long.
thousands.
Okay.
I mean, the closest body, heavenly body is 200 light years away out of our solar system.
And you can't even travel according to Einstein.
You can't travel beyond the speed of life.
Einstein has concluded we cannot travel beyond work factor one as James T. Kirk would put it.
Yes.
But but everyone knows the enterprise went up to work factor nine.
So they had the lithium crystals.
Let's see.
Let me have a crystal.
So commander data would be proud.
Okay.
Commander Jordi also, I'm a Star Trek buff and a nerd if you haven't noticed.
So after the physicists concluded, that's impossible.
Then why do we have UFOs?
Well, we talk about interdimensional.
What we're talking about is something very similar to when we read the Bible and it says, heavenly realm.
And so when you're talking about non-human intelligences that can live in another dimension, but they can manifest itself into our dimension, then you're talking about some kind of a creature, some kind of a thing that can make that travel work.
And we don't really know exactly how that's done, perhaps, but we do know that it does happen.
The Bible is full of descriptions of angels being able to manifest physically and interact with us.
And so this is something similar.
I'm not going to say it's the same, but I am going to say it's similar.
So you think a lot of these sightings of unidentified flying objects could actually be spiritual beings that somehow phase into our dimension from their heavenly dimension?
Yes, and a lot of times if you're seeing craft, you know, most people would say we're the UFOs.
That's kind of means craft anymore.
You're talking about something that needs an environment to be able to generate enough energy to stay manifested in this world.
If they're disconnected away from our Heavenly Father, which we believe that they are, they don't have the energy reserved.
They're not constantly in His presence.
They don't have His life force with them.
So holy angels do.
Well, they're tapped into the Holy Spirit, which is unlimited power.
God is unlimited.
Did somebody in your documentary
make the comparison between alien life, which we see in all the science five flicks, and spiritual life in our locality, but not necessarily our dimension.
How did they bridge that gap in your documentary?
Well, if you're talking to the theologians, that's really easy.
They read their Bible.
And since it is replete with angelic beings being able to come into our particular dimension and interact with us, that's not a big leap.
But when you're talking about a scientist whose whole world paradigm is of measuring something, experimenting with it, and replicating the same thing that they're seeing, it becomes a lot more thorny of an issue for scientists to say, oh, yes, they're an interdimensional being.
That's a question.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
The scientist are limited to talking in physics and facts, that theologians, they could speak
beyond that.
Because like she said, you know, we read the Bible.
We know that the world is spiritual.
You know, we are spiritual beings.
And in the same way, we feel that these beings are spiritual.
Like I said, does not mean they are not real.
Because that's part of the problem is we have come to think of spiritual is not real.
It's something spooky.
You know, it's something that I think I saw something in the corner of that dark room.
But
spiritual is just as real as we are because people have to remember we were created out of the spiritual world.
The spiritual world was not created out of our world.
Interesting.
I totally agree with you.
I wrote my dissertation on angels, demons, and the Holy Spirit.
So there are non-human spirits interacting in our world somehow, mystically, but they phase in and out of our being and our
Personalities, sometimes people who are demon-possessed have something inside of, or someone inside of them.
That's not an alien to planet Earth.
That's a native of planet Earth.
It's Satan the Devil, and he's interacting and influencing us to choose sin.
Well, we do believe that they are, we don't know exactly what they are, but we do believe they're demonic.
They're not here for our good.
They're not here to help us.
No.
They may tell us that we're wiser than we.
And that's part of what we believe.
If you grew up in like a third world country, Africa, you might believe in your river gods.
Our river gods speak to us.
But in the United States and the educated world as we speak up, we don't go, oh, I don't believe in river gods.
But if a being came to you and said, we're much older than you.
We're much wiser than you.
We know the answer.
for you not to blow yourself up with atomic bombs.
We know the answer to in poverty, to in hunger.
Then we'd go, oh, you're much smarter than we are.
We'll listen to what you tell us to do.
And the secular world would follow the Antichrist at the end of time instead of following Jesus who has the Holy Spirit.
Let's just set up this clip for us.
We're going to show a three-minute trailer.
Wes, what are people going to see?
We're going to see if this is kind of a sampling of some of the people we interviewed.
The approach we're taking, the stories we're telling in the film.
And the film is called UFOs and God.
And that's the website.
UFOSandGod.com.
Here's a clip.
So there you saw a three-minute trailer of UFOsandGod.com.
Wes, where can people find this?
How soon is it going to come out?
We're in the middle of looking for distributors.
We're hoping that we've had several distributors say we should be able to get a small theatrical release and then go to streaming after that.
I'm gonna buy a ticket.
As soon as this comes out, I'm gonna buy a ticket because I wanna be in the front row to see ufosandgod.com.
Amanda, I'll give you the last word.
We'll even buy you a popcorn.
We just wanted to let people know that our main message
Probably about everything else is that Jesus is king.
The Bible is true and God really loves us.
I love that.
I couldn't have said it better.
I'm not going to try.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We'll take a short break and I'll be right back.
We need to talk.
I have waited most of my life or the government to come out and say they're real.
They finally
I've said that.
Probably the moment I realized they were real.
It would be in 2004.
We ended up spending a week tracking unknown aircraft, and I got to see a live-action video of an actual UAP and from then on.
My aha moment is when you're standing in a 70-foot area that's been baked two feet in the ground.
And the ships came that night.
I start freaking out, and it was so massive.
It was so big.
Like, I couldn't believe what I was looking at.
This could make you doubt your identity and God.
Old Ted, you must be a UFO believer.
I say, no, I believe in God.
I study UFOs.
There's a person behind the universe that scriptures say that heavens declare the glory of God.
What ultimately could be the agenda behind the alien UFO phenomena?
It could be very, very evil.
Don't think about the 13 billion light years.
If we're talking,
dimensions beyond the universe, they could be this close to us.
Whatever the claims that are made by any personality regarding God or Jesus or spiritual things, I'd want to know the reasons.
Maybe these interdimensional beings have an agenda.
They're on a mission, and I argue that it's a deceptive mission.
Why are churches not talking about sharing God's creation with other creatures?
Christians are starving for people to talk about this and to talk about it honestly.
I want to talk about it.
Let's go to Sunday School and talk about this topic.
This is PIJN News.
Defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We want you to sign a petition today to stand with Israel.
They are under such attack with Arabs and Muslims killing Jews.
But here is the Bible territory that God promised to the Israeli and Jewish people.
Even in 1993 in the Oslo Accords, Yasser Arafat agreed.
These are the current borders of Israel and it's their land.
Let's sign that petition.
PrayinJesusName.org.
Again, prayinJesusName.org.
Sign it today.
Empowering you, the grassroots activist.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
I'm joined now in Witherford, Texas by, I mean, for a steady one, Clausen is a Christian comedian.
Uh, and sometimes those two ideas don't go hand in hand.
I'll tell dirty jokes at the same time.
I got started.
I don't know dirty jokes.
Oh, thank God.
Okay.
They're clean jokes.
I promise.
That's it.
So introduce yourself to our audience.
Uh, my name is Leland Flossen.
I'm a comedian.
I've been doing it for man forever.
I'm from Canada.
And, uh, that's funny in itself.
That's right.
I'm noticing, though, I should have wore pants.
Look at that.
that bony need his knees go up to his chest not only is he tall but he's a ginormous set of an anime here i wouldn't want to show our audience well i think he's on my hands he saw me to stand up and i talked about my hands uh... your hand is bigger than your head it's true it's true it's true that's like a scene from aliens it's so when we talk about how he's sorry but i was gonna say we talk about comedy uh... dot clearly gifted me to do it not because i'm funny but because
I'm abnormal.
There's a physical, go like this and wave to the audience.
What is that?
I mean, what size are your gloves?
4XL.
Here's the thing about my gloves.
It's a good idea of small head to big gloves ratio.
4XL gloves, hat size.
He's got a small head.
So if Johnny Cochrane were your lawyer and you were trying to fit the gloves on, in the OJ trial, he would be found not filthy.
He could not have worn the OJ gloves.
If it doesn't fit, he must have quit.
He's a Buffalo Bills fan.
That's like the kill is healed to my entire childhood upbringing.
It's awful.
Oh, no, don't do it.
That's it.
Okay, so, uh, you go around the country, this is like my second time seeing you speak at a film festival.
Why?
Because I've been starting to produce and write and act in movies.
And so, it seems like an actual question for what I'm doing is to, you know, you're acting in movies.
Yeah.
Tell me about the latest project.
The latest project was something I co-wrote with Nathan Blair and produced with him.
It's called Empty Netz.
It's in the net, like a fishing net.
They're throwing the fishing nets at empty nets.com.
It's at empty nets movie.com.
Empty nets movie.com.
Yeah, and it's just, I'm not sure when this will air, but it's just, we're just starting to release it very soon.
And it's just a metaphor for the chairman who followed Jesus.
It was kind of nets.
Mean it is but it's not I didn't put Jesus in the movie because I didn't want to be blasphemous.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that was my like let's
Let's do it in that time period, maybe parallel with Jesus.
But let's not... You know, the Muslims do the same thing.
They cannot draw a cartoon of Muhammad.
And you cannot make a movie a kind.
I do not have an opinion on that at all.
I just want to make sure.
You get a lot of trouble.
We are not here to talk about the other religions.
I'm not making any statements at this time.
Yeah, no.
I wanted to, it's set in that zone in Galilee.
And it's a great comedy.
It's fun to make.
It's fun to research.
Too late in Galilee at the Sea of Galilee.
Well, that was made here in Burnham Studios.
What about Galilee?
I didn't shoot in 33 AD.
Right tell us about turnum studios here on this beautiful campus.
Yeah, you can't see it But there's a first-century movie set outside where they shot the chosen It's fantastic.
I mean you it's I mean it's fun.
It's like it's fun to play You know you get a you get a tuna gun and you walk into the set here and you're like oh
I'm in Israel in the first century, you know what I mean?
Like, it's just, it's great.
It's a lot of money.
What's the storyline of the windmill?
So, it's a little complicated.
This guy's a failed inventor, but he also owns a lot of money, you know, a woman named Vinnias.
And, uh, at the same time, he's trying to get away from the sky.
His uncle passes away and gives him his, his fishing business up, and he's kind of, oh, he changed the name.
Uh, so he leaves Jerusalem and flees his bad debt and starts saying, I want you to come back here.
Okay.
I was like, I was like, this sounds terrible.
Introduce this clip from the show to the audience.
Okay.
Uh, well, here's, uh, well, of course, the clip, which one would I show?
Oh, here's a clip of when, uh,
We first arrived in the town and we meet the Roman guards.
Okay, let's roll that clip.
Ready for another day of disappointing our loved ones.
Well, are you disappointed?
Does this one revolve around the earth?
Is that a yes?
I disappoint.
Let me make myself clear.
You are.
a gigantic disappointment to me and all of our family.
Well, then according to your first statement, that would make you a loved one.
Which means deep down inside.
You love me?
Or you too?
We'll just talk it some love.
You know how it is in this house.
So there you saw a clip from empty nets movie dot com.
That's the website empty nets movie.
Is this also like a couple of double entendres, not the Brooklyn Nets.
That's the basketball team.
But, but empty nets is kind of like empty nests when both people send their kids off to college.
Yeah, it's true.
I guess that's me sending myself out to college.
I mean, send myself to the, yeah, the old folks home.
I don't know.
That's later.
Yes.
I guess movie just poorly and I'll go there.
Do you have a wife, kids?
Yeah, I've never been married for since 1994.
I couldn't do the math.
Congratulations.
31 years, 32 years.
Yes.
They have regular size hands, which looks like small hands.
They must have come from the mother.
That's right.
She's got the good features.
He's got the freak of nature features.
This is awesome.
I think
empty nets movie dot com i'll get to the last world okay uh... leon clausen dot com uh... is uh... is where you can get more information about me i do i i i work stand at the stand of the main thing i still travel over there all over the uh... the content so yeah he's available for hire and he can do your event and he's a great comedian much funnier than i was today i apologize for trying in vain to steal the spotlight thanks for coming on me
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We'll be right back.
Stay tuned for the end of our show to learn how to partner with this ministry.
Here's Dr. Chaps.
Thank you for watching and supporting us financially.
Please donate today when you visit PrayInJesusName.org.
The Bible says in Proverbs 3,
Do not withhold good from those to whom it is due when it is in the power of your hand to do so.
So if you have the power to give, don't hold back, please give today.
By calling us toll free at 866-Obey-God.
We'll see you next time.
Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the air.
Would you please send your best financial donation today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online.
Or you can mail a check to PrayInJesusName Ministries, post office box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now, 866-Obey-God.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.